Hello, in this video, we'll be going
over the Amazon web service Rekognition.
>> And first, we're going to
describe what Rekognition is, and
then we're going to upload the image
through S3, which is another service.
And then we're going to
detect labels using AWS CLI.
And then we're going to also show how to
detect labels using AWS SDK for Python.
>> Yeah, so [COUGH] we're just
going to jump to my laptop.
And then we can see here, and
we're going to go the Rekognition.
So you can see here on the console that-
>> You might want to make it bigger.
>> Yeah, it's a little small, so
you can see here that Rekognition's all
the way under Artificial Intelligence.
So if you click it, you'll head to this,
just a brief description of what it is.
Essentially, you can give Amazon an image,
and it can detect some labels in it,
like what objects it sees inside it.
And then whatever services
like detecting faces and
seeing whether or
not there's a face inside.
So we're just going to try it out with
our own image that we find off Google.
So here you can see just a description,
all those nice graphics to make you
think it's a brain looking thing.
I'm just going to go to
the Get Started guide.
Now here, you can go to
getting started using the API,
and detecting labels API.
So here is the code you guys can use for
running this,
I'll just close out some of these.
And [COUGH] so here is a command
line version, where if you have
an image in an S3, bucket which
is basically just a hard drive.
You can run the detect
labels on it through this,
or you can do it through Java,
or you can do it through Python.
As said before, we're going to do it
through the command line version and
through the SDK for Python.
So first thing first, as you see here,
we need an image inside an S3 bucket.
So we're just going to go to the S3,
create a new bucket, and
try to figure out a new
name that's not been taken.
courserademo, all right,
courserademo, that works,
and no it does not, okay,
courserademo0, there we go.
And you can set that one up,
let's click Next,
click through everything, and
you can see I click into this.
And I'm going to upload a new image, so
we're just going to grab
that off Google Images.
So for this, we'll just try a hot dog or
something, so hot dog, and Google Images.
Yeah, that one looks good and
delicious, so
we're just going to grab that,
download it here.
As you can see here, we've tried it before
with banana, but you can just ignore that.
Hot dog, [COUGH]
and now we have a hot dog,
so just jump back to the S3 and
upload that hot dog.
That is somewhere else, so we wanted
this one, and here's our hot dog.
And this is a quick part of S3 demo,
and just uploading to it.
So now we have a hot dog and
a bucket that we can access.
So if we just go back to
the instructions that they give us,
we can just copy this command.
We do want to edit some parts of this, for
example, the region and the profile user.
So we want to just go into a text editor,
and just any general one.
I'm on Ubuntu, so this one is GEdit,
but if you're on any other system,
just use the native one.
I know Windows has Notepad, and
I think Apple has Codex or something,
>> I'm not too sure myself.
>> Xcode, but I'm sure they have
their own basic text editor.
So you can just copy this
to change the command, and
you want to change the bucket
name to whatever bucket we set.
So if we go here,
you can see that our bucket name is
couserademo0, so
we just change it to that.
And then we want to change
whatever image we're going to do.
So this time, we want to do hot dog,
and the next part is, what region?
So we are currently in US region west,
I think you can check through,
we can check up here.
Region US west two, so
you can change it from there.
So we just want to change
this to US west two,
to reflect where we actually
are adding the bucket.
And then we are going to use the default
one we just used to configure our
credentials, we just used
AWS configure for the CLI.
And you use the default one, and
I did not spell default right, my.
Yeah, so just Ctrl+A and
copy all that, go into command line,
and then I used a virtual environment for
installing the Python SDK,
so in this instance,
I'm going to go and activate that.
And let's go to this and go to Coursera,
and I'm going to do source.
If this is strange, you can look up more
about virtual environments and Python.
This is useful for having some
certain packages in one place only.
So yeah, if we run this,
it should work, crossing my fingers.
Yeah, and then it returned
a JSON data about what it sees.
[COUGH] So the first thing it thinks is
that it's 99% confident that it's food,
and also 99% confident
that it's a hot dog.
And something about rotation,
and that it's rotated, 0.
You can look more into that, but yeah,
this gives you the ability
just to see basic objects.
So next we're going to try it more
programmatically through Python.
because command line might not be as
useful for most people in applications.
So for Python, we can easily just go
back here, and ignore the Java one.
If you want to do the Java one,
you can, it's here, so
you can see here the many
packages involved.
The Python one's a little smaller, and so
we're going to just go in here and
make a new file, whoops,
And just copy all that, and
we're going to save this as rekog.py,
and we're saving it in this
folder that we've been using.
So as you can see here, here's the basic
file, this file name's used, where is it?
Yeah, it's just used here
in the s3bucket object, so
we just want to change this and
put hot dog.
And our Coursera thing, couserademo0,
so just save that,
now if we actually go into that,
And we do python rekognition, Yeah,
there we go, [COUGH] it did the same
thing, but it did a smaller thing.
And from here,
you can actually use it in other,
you just stick it in other Python scripts
and programs, and do other things with it.
Maybe just if you really don't
want hotdogs in your food or
near you, just have a camera that checks
constantly whether it sees a hot dog or
not, and roast that hot dog if you see it,
or something.
So one thing to note is that
I am using the Amazon SDK,
you can follow their instructions for
installing that.
It's a pretty simple PIP
command [INAUDIBLE].
So yeah, that's the demo of Amazon
Rekognition, and letting you see images.
So stay tuned while we do the rest
of our [COUGH] AI services